= treasure_hunt

DSL and models for application User's Reward management.

== Installation

Add to your Gemfile

 gem 'treasure_hunt'

Run generator

 rails generate treasure_hunt:install

Add :points column to your users table

 rails generate migration AddPointsToUsers points:integer

Run migrations

 rake db:migrate

Finally add 'acts_as_treasure_hunter' to your model:

 class User < ActiveRecord:Base
  acts_as_treasure_hunter
  # ...
 end

== Usage

Set up your rewards (only once)

 Reward.create(:name => 'Invite friends', :points => 50, :every => 1.day)

Use it!

 jane = User.find(42)

 if @jane.can_achieve?(:invite_friends)
   jane.achieve!(:invite_friends)
   jane.reload
 end

 @points = jane.points
 @time_to_unlock = @jane.time_to_unlock(:invite_friends)

== Contributing to treasure_hunt
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Jan Dupal. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

